The stadium previously hosted the 1982 Commonwealth Games and 2001 Goodwill Games .


The San Diego Harbor Police Department is the law enforcement authority for the Port of San Diego .


Two singles were released from the album , `` Cus , Cus `` and `` That Go `` , though neither made it to the charts .


Nearly any M1911 pistol and pistols of the same pattern can be converted to the .38/.45 cartridge with a replacement barrel , from a 38 Super barrel reamed out to .38/.45 dimensions .


War Machine faced Blas Avena at on June 19 , 2013 .


The deal was approved by the FCC on September 13 , 2007 , and the transaction was consummated on December 1 , 2007 .


The transfer was conditionally approved by the FCC on October 29 , 2007 , and the transaction was consummated on December 1 , 2007 .


Kresta 's best individual rally result was sixth , which he achieved on five events .


Estrada finished with a career-worst 4.98 ERA , despite posting career highs in innings ( 186 ) and strikeouts ( 176 ) .


Four weekend performances at the Beverly Hills Playhouse were planned but it was received so enthusiastically that it ran for over a year .


On July 16 , 2012 , less than three years after the grand opening of DPAC , it was announced that the Carolina Theatre was ranked among the top 100 theaters in the world in attendance for the first time in its history .


Due to the relatively low bolt thrust of the . 380 ACP cartridge , the locked-breech design of the Glock 19 and Glock 26 was minimally modified for the Glock 25 and Glock 28 to implement unlocked breech operation .


The reduced size and mass of the Glock 42 required return to the Glock -standard locked-breech design .


The Armament of CM-12 is identical to CM-11 's .


The main cannon is a M68A1 105 mm cannon , which can fire ammunition such as Armour-piercing fin-stabilized discarding-sabot ( APFSDS ) Round .


It was the world 's first operational shipboard point-defence missile system and was designed so that the Bofors guns could be replaced with minimum modification to the recipient vessel and ( originally ) using existing fire-control systems .


A mobile land-based version of the system was known as Tigercat .


One M2HB machine gun is mounted on the commander 's cupola , one T-74 machine gun on the gunner 's cupola , and one coaxial M240 machine gun inside the turret .


Its interior decoration includes some intricately carved chestnut wood ceilings , furniture from several periods , 17th and 18th century paintings and a library with many books .


It also operated the 505 service between Southmead Hospital and Long Ashton park & amp ; ride .


A further two limnological towers were constructed near Douglas Point in Lake Huron in the 1960s .


They usually have the option between Audi A8 and Mercedes-Benz S-Class models .


Since 2014 there is one member of the Bundesrat who drives a Tesla Model S ; she previously had a Peugeot-307-Cabrio followed by a BMW 330d .


Towards the end of 2009 The Guardian newspaper put it at number 7 in their top albums of 2009 .


The facility also hosted the Conference USA men 's basketball tournament from 2005 to 2009 .


It was the site of the South regional semifinals and finals in the 2009 , 2014 , and 2017 editions of the NCAA Division I Men 's Basketball Tournament .


He followed this up with a Lisunov Li-2 on 16/17 October 1944 at 17:57 , the location was not recorded in his report .


It is the involvement of liver tissue by trophozoites of the organism `` Entamoeba histolytica `` and of its abscess due to necrosis .


The Veterans Health Administration Office of Research and Development ( ORD ) is the research and development agency of the Veterans Health Administration in the United States Department of Veterans Affairs .


A Bachelor of Social Work ( BSW ) degree is a mandatory entrance requirement .


In The Railway Series by Rev .


The Mauser HSc was a self-loading handgun introduced in the 1940s .


It was a compact double-action blowback design in . 32 ACP .


Eremoceras is a genus in the Ellesmeroceratidae which lived during the Early Ordovician , characterized by an orthoconic adult stage , similar to `` Ellesmeroceras `` , but with the dorsal side of the adult living chamber somewhat convex , and a juvenile portion that is more gradually expanding and ventrally concave .


The post-war models were also available in . 380 ACP .


The first proposal was in 1987 , while the second proposal was in 1999 after Gretzky 's retirement .


( The base is not needed on the Henry version and will not fit the Henry receiver . )


This was followed by a salute to the 1992 Winter Olympics athletes , with Brian Boitano and Dorothy Hamill skating to on sheets of Teflon that were embedded on the tops of large platforms that were placed on the field for the show .


They skated to the song `` One Moment in Time `` .


Nkemdiche 's mother , a politician , returned to Nigeria in 2009 and represents Onitsha South in the Anambra State House of Assembly .


After they finished their skating performance , the tribute to Olympians continued to the song `` Do n't Stop Me Now `` .


The T-28 was also greatly influenced by the A1E1 Independent .


Boitano and Hamill left the field on a snowmobile .


The T-28 tank was officially approved on August 11 , 1933 .


Opposition centered on the plant 's effects on striped bass spawning grounds in the Potomac and consequent damage to the striped bass fishery in the Chesapeake Bay .


Bradman made 758 runs in the Tests and 2020 on the tour , with Stan McCabe making 2078 .


A total of 503 T-28 tanks were manufactured over a period of eight years from 1933 to 1941 .


Ponsford scored 266 in his last Test .


He started his acting career at Atelje 212 theater .


Toyota Corolla of the 20 and 30 series as well as the Toyota Starlet were produced .


This body was abolished in 2005 when the Autonomous Government of Southern Sudan was established .


The Hardee 's 200 was held March 7 at Richmond International Raceway .


Jeff Gordon won the pole .


Initially , `` Viltis `` was published three times a week .


The Toyota Land Cruiser was also imported .


`` Viltis `` liked to emphasize that it was the middle road , though its political views were right-wing .


Despite attempts at reconciliation , `` Viltis `` received criticism from both sides .


Excerpts from diaries were released in 1868 as `` Provst Fredrik Schmidts Dagbøger `` .


Flora found within the conservation park was described in 2001 as consisting of “ Tree mallee dominated by Eucalyptus oleosa Red Mallee and Eucalyptus brachycalyx Gilja with scattered patches of Eucalyptus gracilis Yorrell . ”


She is currently the Brand ambassador of Range Rover Evoque Ghana and Jobberman Ghana , a jobs advertisement company .


Investigators were later able to determine that the two aircraft most likely converged at a point over an area northeast of the Hansen Dam spillway .


Armament was a single 0.303 inch ( 7.7 mm ) Vickers machine gun synchronized with the Sopwith-Kauper synchronizer .


The last three carried two Universal Carriers converted to accommodate a 3-inch mortar , one Universal Carrier equipped with a slave battery , sixteen motorcycles and a jeep .


The purpose of the dam is to generate hydroelectricity , regulate the flow of the Euphrates and provide water for irrigation .


In 1871 he published his best-known work , `` Treatise on diseases of the nervous system `` .


Starring Adam Sandler , Jack Nicholson , Marisa Tomei , Luis Guzmán , Woody Harrelson , and John Turturr o , the film tells the story of a businessman who is sentenced to an anger management program .


Fator also performed a 6 p.m. early family New Year 's Eve show on December 31 , 2007 .


In 2007 it was announced that Royal University Hospital will be the site of the Saskatchewan Children 's Hospital .


Turner 's engine produced a conservatively rated at 5500 rpm and of torque at 3,200 rpm .


By comparison a Jaguar Mark X also claimed 220hp but used a different scale of measurement .


Parallel to his appearances in the V8Supertourer category in 2012 , Heimgartner contested the Australia-based Porsche Carrera Cup series at the age of 16 .


The name , over time , transformed into `` Balkana '' , which sounds much like Balkan but etymologically , as said before , is in no connection to it .


Andre ran as high as 4th for much of the season before a no fault contact by a competitor caused a DNF .


In 2014 Andre drove for Matt White in the supercar Dunlop series with 3 podium finishes .


The 2008 Japanese Formula 3 Championship was the 30th edition of the Japanese Formula 3 Championship .


He rated in third position until mid-stretch , then kicked late and inched ahead of Parlor to win by a nose , with Raging Bull a neck back in third .


Dutchman Carlo van Dam took the main title , with Hideki Yamauchi taking the National Class .


Howell and T. Williams .


Water is fed into Llyn Eigiau by a tunnel from the stream below Llyn Dulyn , and another larger tunnel takes water from Llyn Eigiau to Llyn Cowlyd .


The main feeder of Llyn Eigiau is Afon Eigiau , a small river which flows down Cwm Eigiau .


This then flows into the River Conwy .


He won a silver medal in the team foil event at the 1988 Summer Olympics .


Their third single `` Amnesia `` peaked at number 6 on the same chart .


An initial attempt at sugar cane production in the early 1880s at Glen Isla plantation failed and the estate was subsequently sold and subdivided into small farms .


Khadakwasla Dam burst at 7:30 am on 12 July 1961 , causing the greatest ever disaster to strike Pune .


The distinctive step in its barrel is for mounting the M203 with the standard hardware .


The M4 has semi-automatic and three-round burst firing modes ( like the M16A2 and M16A4 ) , while the M4A1 has semi-automatic and fully automatic firing modes ( like the M16A1 and M16A3 ) .


Their prayers to become a Celestrian again are unanswered , but a vision is presented to the main character as they stand before the World Tree .


The first Associate of Applied Science degree students were enrolled in 1968 , and the first A.A.S .


It would also have a built-in M61 Vulcan cannon and a secondary close air support role .


The VFX 's air-to-air missiles would be either six AIM-54 Phoenix or a combination of six AIM-7 Sparrow and four AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles .


Her work was instrumental in the introduction of vaccine programmes for Haemophilus influenzae type b and meningococcal A and B .


He died of pneumonia on January 17 , 2015 at the Montreal General Hospital .


She had no close relations so she was buried in an unmarked grave at the Vale church next to her parents and sister .


His first single , `` The Tropics `` , was released in 2013 .


His first studio album , `` Sizzlar `` , peaked at No .


He left an unpublished manuscript , titled `` History of the Black Men in the Life of the Republic `` .


The main purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports the largest station in the Yellow River basin .


Provisions were included for two 20 mm ( 0.906 in ) Madsen cannon as armament .


The press was named for the nearby Graywolf Ridge and Graywolf River , and for the canid .


It is located close to Eleftheria ( Liberty ) Monument in Nicosia .


Gompertz was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace .


Most light tank production in 1941–43 consisted of the less advanced T-60 and T-70 light tanks .


Other trim-special models such as the Chrysler 300 letter series , Plymouth Fury , and DeSoto Adventurer were widely promoted .


Light tanks in tank regiments were being replaced by T-34 medium tanks .


He wrote operas for the Théâtre national de l'Opéra-Comique as well as mixed choirs .


Its Imperial Japanese Navy counterparts are the Type 97 machine gun ( fixed ) , and Type 92 machine gun ( a Lewis gun copy ) .


The cast comprised Alexander Archdale , Wilfred Babbage , Eileen Erskine , Barbara Everest , Jean Forbes-Robertson , Helen Horsey , Marie Johns , J. P. Mitchelhill , Molly Rankin and Rosemary Scott .


Non-glutinous rice flour is steamed in `` siru '' ( steamer ) and pounded in `` jeolgu '' ( mortar ) to form a dough .


The filling can be made by husking adzuki beans ( often the black variety ) , steaming and seasoning it with salt , and sieving it .


Sesame oil is brushed on each `` tteok '' to prevent it from sticking .


In Western nations , APCs are frequently armed with the .50 calibre M2 Browning machine gun , 7.62mm FN MAG , or 40mm Mk 19 grenade launcher .


This election was the first one of the so-called `` Second Republic `` .


The residents will participate in Dragon Boat Race in Dragon Boat Festival .


After examinations , the residents can relax by joining the Dragon Boat Race which is one of the oldest traditions of Ricci Hall .


He won his first election to the body as a Kuomintang candidate .


The team switched to the GT Daytona class in 2017 and entered two factory-backed Acura NSX with drivers Oswaldo Negri Jr . , Jeff Segal , Andy Lally and Katherine Legge .


Following the success of `` Up , Up and Away `` , which spawned two Top-20 singles on the Billboard Pop Chart , expectations were high for `` The Magic Garden `` .


The first single , `` Paper Cup `` , rose only to # 34 .


Thermarces is a genus of eelpouts ( family Zoarcidae ) .


Sea eagles are known to hunt these seals , which results in a high number of fatalities for the juveniles .


They are associated with hydrothermal vents and cold seeps at bathypelagic depths in the East Pacific and West Atlantic Ocean .


, commercial icebreaker routes have passed through areas with high Caspian seal pup concentrations , which may contribute to loss of habitat .


He was confirmed by the United States Senate on February 7 , 1978 , and received his commission on February 10 , 1978 .


Combat search and rescue , personnel recovery , and aeromedical evacuation capability for USAFRICOM , AFAFRICA and Combined Joint Task Force-Horn of Africa ( CJTF-HOA ) , to include a rescue alert mission , utilizing the HH-60 Pave Hawk helicopter .


`` The Stork Club discriminates against everybody .


The Stork bars all kinds of people for all kinds of reasons .


Their first record `` Sumut '' `` where to ? ``


275 P and 330 P cars were actively and successfully raced by Scuderia Ferrari , NART and Maranello Concessionaires during 1964 and 1965 seasons .


The Scuderia Ferrari-run 275 P driven by Guichet and Vaccarella took first , followed by a Maranello Concessionaires 330 P ( Hill / Bonnier ) in second and a Scuderia Ferrari 330 P ( Bandini / Surtees ) in third .


In the song `` Nunaqarfiit `` they sang `` It is time to live again as Inuit and not as Westerners '' .


The ISU-152 had different versions , with changes in the gun ( later versions ) , the number of hatches , or the hull ( based on the hull of the IS-1 , IS-2 or IS-2 model 1944 tanks ) .


It was first performed on 19 January 1674 at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal by the Paris Opera .


The IS-2 based versions had a thicker gun shield and larger fuel tank .


Until May 1944 , the main armament was the 152.4 mm ML-20 model 1937 gun-howitzer .


The ISU-152 had a rate of fire of 2-3 rounds/min .


The Infantry , on the other hand , protected the tanks from the ever-present Panzerfaust and 88 fire , deadly against armor .


Summer Days ( And Summer Nights ! ! )


In 1934 he served as a staff officer at the War Office and with various Territorial Army ( TA ) units .


The band 's previous album , `` The Beach Boys Today ! ``


The Panzerfaust 3 series of launchers is a compact , lightweight , shoulder-fired , unguided antitank weapon series .


Devdatta Nage ( born 6 February 1981 ) is an actor .


The United States Under Secretary of Defense for Policy ( USDP ) is a high level civilian official in the United States Department of Defense .


The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy is the principal staff assistant and adviser to both the Secretary of Defense and the Deputy Secretary of Defense for all matters concerning the formation of national security and defense policy .


The penetration performance of the Panzerfaust 3 is due to the shaped charge principle and the quick response of the percussion fuze ; the effect on the target does not depend on the impact velocity .


Court acknowledged that physical efficacy of imatinib mesylate in beta crystalline form is enhanced in comparison to other forms and that the beta crystalline form of imatinib mesylate has 30 per cent increased bioavailability as compared to imatinib in free base form .


However , as no material had been offered to indicate that the beta crystalline form of imatinib mesylate


A few weeks later he was expelled from ZANU PF .


The MPi-K and MPi-KS were derived from the original AK-47 and AKS , the MPi-KM , MPi-KMS-72 and MPi-KMS-K were derived from the AKM and AKMS , and the MPi-AK-74N , MPi-AKS-74N , and MPi-AKS-74NK , were derived from the AK-74 and AKS-74 .


The Cherry Lane contains a 179-seat main stage and a 60-seat studio .


Some were up-gunned with a 20 mm ShVAK cannon , and designated the T-38RT .


Fifth-seeded Brad Gilbert won the singles title .


The college provides a number of undergraduate courses , including the Bachelor of Veterinary Medicine ( BVetMed ) as well as accelerated graduate entry BVetMed and a combined BVetMed , Bachelor of Veterinary Science ( BSc ) degree .


BSc degrees are also provided in veterinary nursing , bioveterinary sciences , biological sciences and veterinary pathology , and a foundation degree in veterinary nursing is also offered .


Vetiver is mainly cultivated for the fragrant essential oil distilled from its roots .


This album is the acoustic duo 's third official release as this album follows `` Live at Radio City `` , which was released on CD and DVD in 2007 .


In September 1796 he was ordained deacon , and preached his first sermon as curate of Chelsea Hospital on 2 October 1796 .


While at Chelsea Hospital he acquired a reputation as a popular preacher .


Alpine skiing has been featured as a sport in the Asian Winter Games since the first Winter Games in 1986 .


He reprised this role at the Old Vic , once again with Ian McKellen and Frances Barber in 2006–07 .


Achasta was a Rumsen Ohlone village , and totally unrelated to the Esselen .


It was the closest village to Mission San Carlos , and was 10+ miles from Esselen territory .


`` Eslenes '' was nowhere near Mission San Carlos .


In his `` De Occulta Philosophia `` , he attempted to merge Kabbalah , Hermeticism , and alchemy .


Following Jutland , she was transferred to the 1st Battle Squadron , where she again served as the second division flagship .


The property is now owned by Government of Telangana , Telangana State Tourism Development Corporation


Because it had been ordered by the Air Ministry , this machine carried an RAF serial ( `` S1640 `` ) and was known throughout its life as the M.1/30 , after the Specification .


The celebrations culminated with a fireworks display from Gibraltar Harbour .


In 2002 , she self-published `` The Sorrowjoy `` , a 72-page book of her poetry and drawings .


He was Second Deemster and a member of the Legislative Council 1958 to 1963 .


The car was designed to slot between the smaller Nissan Primera and the larger Nissan Cedric , yet it shared a market position with the Nissan Cefiro and the Nissan Laurel , sold at different Nissan Japan sales channels .


The styling was meant to convey a more sport-minded appearance , in comparison to the Nissan Cedric , Gloria and Cima , on which this car shared a platform , that is now reminiscent of a four-door coupé .


It is in the Hudson Bay drainage basin and is the source of the Otter River .


The Otter River flows via the Fawn River and Severn River to Hudson Bay .


He was conveyed by ambulance to Westminster Hospital in an unconscious state , but never regained consciousness , and died there early in the next morning , at the age of 82 .


The brigade initially deployed to Germany with the M60 Patton tank and the M113 armored personnel carrier .


In 1984 , 2–66th AR transitioned to the M1 Abrams main battle tank .


Preparations made from blistering beetles have been used since ancient times as an aphrodisiac , possibly because their physical effects were perceived to mimic those of sexual arousal , and because they can cause prolonged erection or priapism in men .


In 1985 , 3–41st IN and 4–41st IN transitioned to the M2 Bradley Fighting Vehicle ; also , C/2-1 Cavalry was replaced by an air cavalry troop , D/2-1 Cavalry , armed with AH-1S Cobra attack helicopters .


It competed with and lost to the Meteor ( missile ) , thus never reaching production .


It is not clear if the Compacity saw actual production .


Obviously , it served the same purpose with the four-wheelers as the SP did with their three-wheelers .


Eduardo Rodríguez Reyes [ `` Volanta '' ] ( March 6 , 1952 – March 6 , 2009 ) was a Puerto Rica n professional baseball pitcher .


This little Pickup truck was offered officially from 1980 to 1982 .


Production of the Models 14 , 15 and Compacity halted in 1982 .


Listed at and , Rodríguez batted and threw right-handed .


Political pressure came from conservative elements in the army to redirect resources into building the older T-26 and BT tanks , or to cancel T-34 production pending completion of the more advanced T-34M design .


This pressure was brought to bear by the developer of the KV-1 tank which was in competition with the T-34 .


He also reaffirmed his determination to protect the Amazon rainforest from a major disaster : ‘ I asked my warriors to be ready for the war .


As Eorzea recovers and rebuilds , the player must deal with the impending threat of invasion by the Garlean Empire from the north .


A version with a single-barrel carburetor was installed in some early Renault Trafic models and some R21 , called the F1N .


The petrol version was also built with multi-point fuel injection as the F3N .


The initial report was that Woolmer had died of a heart attack .


There are a number of beaches in the area , including Praia de Fora and Praia do Imbuí , with their historical values ; Piratininga Beach , Camboinhas Beach , Itaipu Beach and Itacoatiara Beach , the most visited ; Praia do Sossego , Praia Adam and Eve and Prainha .


It has two saltwater lagoons : Piratininga and Itaipu .


As one of the most heavily armed IFVs , the BMD-4 possesses multiple secondary armaments .


The PKT is operated by passenger seated towards the front and bow mounted towards the left .


The Itaipu Lagoon , in turn , connects to the sea through the Itaipu Canal , which was built in 1979


The 9P135M missile launcher is mounted towards the roof and is also dismountable .


Incite is a free , bi-monthly public series that runs from January to May .


Dormitory places not used by THLM students were used for students of the associated specialist Abitur classes or the `` Industrieinstitut '' ( which prepared industry workers without Abitur for studies at university level ) and also for younger staff members .


He was buried at Karori Cemetery .


After graduating in 1976 , he was conscripted for two years to the South African 6th Infantry Division .


The state 's final two operating reactors at Diablo Canyon are scheduled to close no later than 2025 .


The lake also floods parts of two Pit River tributaries , the McCloud River and Squaw Creek .


In 2000 he turned to sports car racing with some success , and has raced several times in the 24 Hours of Le Mans .


He earned a third place in the 2007 24 Hours of Le Mans , along with Emmanuel Collard and Romain Dumas a Pescarolo Sport entry .


In April 2008 , the Volkswagen Jetta was added ; followed by Polo in June 2010 .


In addition , due to the westward spread of the Plains Cree in recent centuries , their neighbors to the east now include Cree communities .


Fishing is an especially important part of the local recreational use of Lees Ferry drawing thousands of anglers a year seeking large trout .


The EVO 2014 Champion , Emmanuel `` CD Jr. '' Brito has notably tied for last , despite being seeded 3rd in the bracket .


This project developed into the Delta Phi Epsilon Foreign Affairs Council , incorporated and recognized as a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) nonprofit educational organization in 2016 .


Later on he served on an armed merchant cruiser patrolling the Denmark Strait .


Cotton is 2015 NCAA Division I Outdoor Track and Field Championships 4x100 m champion , a 19-time NCAA Division I All-American and Southeastern Conference champion .


Rivarola started his club career with Cerro Porteño in 1985 and was part of the team that won the 1987 championship .


The Taipei–Keelung metropolitan area is served by routes of the Taiwan Railway Administration ( Western Line ) and Taiwan High Speed Rail which connect the area with all parts of the island .


Sales of Lincoln MKZ Hybrid continued its growth trend with sales up 34.3 % from a year earlier .


Vega body styles were used for several badge engineered variants .


Sales of the Fusion Energi were up 89.7 % from 2013 while C-Mx Energi sales were up only by 17.9 % .


According to his obituary , he thought his best song was `` The Ladder of Roses `` , written for the 1915 Hippodrome hit , `` Hip-Hip-Hooray `` .


The 1973 to 1977 Pontiac Astre had Vega bodies ( and Vega engines through 1976 ) .


The 1978 to 1979 Chevrolet Monza and Pontiac Sunbird wagons used the Vega Kammback wagon body with engines by Pontiac and Buick .


Without support from the Ministry of Transport , the proposal languished as a hypothetical aircraft and was never realised .


The Monza S used the Vega hatchback body .


This ICC World Twenty20 took place only 10 months after the last one .


The Khaled ibn al-Walid Stadium has a 35,000-person capacity and is home to both football clubs .


The main structure on the line was the , 6 span high viaduct across the River Ryton .


It was designed to replace the T-28 at the time , however , very few were built .


This drew out Dreamer to challenge Raven to a match , which Raven declined .


Dreamer then beat down Richards and the Broad Street Bullies using a stop sign before brawling with Raven until they were pulled apart .


related species of topminnows and killifish .


`` F. pulvereus `` has a body shape resembling that of a minnow that one may see in a small tidal pool near an ocean , but it is usually easier to spot because of its size .


Unlike many other minnows , the Bayou Killifish usually grows to a maximum length of , enabling it to have the size it needs to defend itself , as well as the maneuverability of a much smaller fish .


All Bayou Killifish , both male and female , can be distinguished from other species of fish by their wide mouth .


However , Pilgrim State Hospital and the other state hospitals began to decline shortly afterwards with the advent of pharmaceutical alternatives to institutionalization .


Gregg retracted his retirement and won the 24 Hours of Daytona three more times , in 1975 , 1976 , and 1978 .


In 2015 , the NHS announced that the phased closure of Cefn Coed Hospital would continue for the next three to five years , with several decommissioned wards planned for demolition that year .


Her vehicle was caught between the car bomb and the Fiat 132 .


Despite the added funding , LaJoie dropped to tenth in points .


The BPAA announced in June , 2010 , that it would resume conducting the tournament , beginning in 2011 .


A preview of the `` Catharsis Garden `` video is currently on TЁЯRA 's site and under the `` Special '' tab on their site , there are photos and information about the filming of the video .


In addition , there were designs for gun emplacements suitable for either the Ordnance QF 2 pounder or the Hotchkiss 6pdr gun ( designated Type 28 ) and a design for a hardened medium machine gun emplacement .


The park has six free tennis courts , a bowling green with a pavilion , a children 's playground , a café and a car park ( off Manor Close ) .


The Higher Education Department approved the proposal and the HEC was formally established .


It acquired Ninety Nine Restaurant and Pub from Fidelity National Financial in 2017 .


For over 400 years , Georges Bank supported lucrative fisheries for Atlantic cod and halibut .


Over time , bottom trawlers became very efficient , some catching as much cod in an hour as traditional boats caught in a season .


Bottom trawlers , however , damaged the sea floor coral and sponge habitats , and federal fisheries regulations aim to control this large scale overfishing to establish future sustainability .


Contemporary Western writers have struggled to classify the Fedorov Avtomat .


Some consider it to be an `` early predecessor '' or `` ancestor '' to the modern assault rifle , while others believe that the Fedorov Avtomat was the world 's first assault rifle .


Still other writers argue that the Cei-Rigotti ( which predates the Fedorov by 20 years ) was the world 's first assault rifle because it was also select-fire and chambered for an intermediate-power cartridge ; however , its 25-round magazine was fed by stripper clips rather than being detachable , although prototypes with magazines up to a capacity of 50 rounds reportedly existed .


This antigen is recognized by the monoclonal antibodies ( MAbs ) OKM5 and OKM8 .


It is bound by the `` Plasmodium falciparum `` protein sequestrin .


Such proposals were first voiced by the Bavaria Party in 1950 and discussed within the CDU / CSU in 1952 .


Load data for the .30-30 Winchester can be used safely for the .30 Remington .


It is also known as `` Thirunagar Colony `` .


Natural enemies of the papaya mealybug include the mealybug destroyer ( `` Cryptolaemus montrouzieri `` ) , other lady beetles , lacewings and hoverflies .


The larvae of several species of parasitoid wasp in the family Encyrtidae attack the papaya mealybug in its native range .


He adapted the song `` Michael Row the Boat Ashore `` from the 1867 songbook `` Slave Songs of the United States `` to create the version that 's well-known today .


The company was indicted in 1947 and was later convicted in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois of conspiring to monopolize the sale of buses and related products to the local transit companies that they controlled .


He subsequently remained in the Folketing as an independent .


He started out with a love for the Toyota Soarer JZZ30 and driving , and has turned it into a huge success .


On 1 August 2014 , Botía joined Greek club Olympiacos F.C .


Most of the company 's time when it was starting out was spent on developing the Toyota Soarer JZZ30 and this still continues today , using the D1 Grand Prix as a showcase .


A dedicated fleet of 14 Caltrans-owned Siemens Charger locomotives began pre-revenue testing in October 2018 and entered revenue service later that year .


Operations transferred from civilian contractors ( RCA Government Services ) to ADC on January 5 , 1962 ( renamed Aerospace Defense Command in 1968 . )


Amtrak-owned GE P42DC locomotives ( which are also used at other times ) were temporarily used as motive power until the Chargers were ready for service .


The Surfliner cars and Charger locomotives ( and previously the F59PHI locomotives ) are painted in a blue and silver livery that is unique to the `` Pacific Surfliner `` .


A Democrat , he served in the Indiana State Senate from 1976 to 1990 .


In March 2013 , Lloyds sold 20 % of its shareholding in St. James 's Place to some institutional investors and sold the remaining holdings in December 2013 for £670m .


Potassium chloride is the last of the three drugs administered and actually causes death .


Injecting potassium chloride into the heart muscle disrupts the signal that causes the heart to beat .


This same amount of potassium chloride would do no harm if taken orally and not injected directly into the blood .


The Mitsubishi i MiEV was the first electric car to sell more than 10,000 units , including the models badged in Europe as Citroën C-Zero and Peugeot iOn .


When the Evolutionists and Unionists seceded from the Portuguese Republican Party in February 1912 , the Democratic Party declared itself the latter party 's heir .


Several months later , the Nissan Leaf overtook the i MiEV as the best selling all-electric car .


The world 's largest bed of tufts ( 18.6 m by 18.6 m , 61 feet by 61 feet ) was created at NASA Ames Research Center to study air flow fields involving a helicopter 's rotor disk .


Such efforts contributed to an increase in his majority to 4,568 at the 1955 General Election .


The event was held together with the Women 's Laser Radial World Championships between 1989 and 2010 .


The Glock 26 is a 9×19mm `` subcompact '' variant designed for concealed carry and was introduced in 1995 , mainly for the civilian market .


It features a smaller frame compared to the Glock 19 , with a pistol grip that supports only two fingers , a shorter barrel and slide , and a double-stack magazine with a standard capacity of 10 rounds .


In addition , factory magazines from the Glock 17 , Glock 18 , and Glock 19 , with capacities of 15 , 17 , 19 , 31 and 33 rounds , will function in the Glock 26 .


More than simply a `` shortened '' Glock 19 , design of the subcompact Glock 26 required extensive rework of the frame , locking block , and spring assembly that features a dual recoil spring .


The University uses the campus to focus on graduate and evening programs for adult students , expanded MBA and master ’ s programs in accounting , leadership , computer science and supply chain management , be a home for the Ed.D program .


Call number : MA 03.4 ( `` Wynnewood Scrapbook `` ) .


Unseeded Vincent Van Patten won the singles titles .


On 8 July 1981 , the Austin Maxi 's 12-year production run came to an end .


Its replacement , the Austin Maestro , which also replaced the smaller Allegro , was introduced in March 1983 .


On his way to the final he defeated seeded players José Luis Clerc ( 3 ) , Vitas Gerulaitis ( 5 ) , and John McEnroe ( 1 ) .


The M230 Chain Gun is the `` Area Weapon System '' on the Boeing AH-64 Apache attack helicopter and is also used on the MH-60L Direct Action Penetrator ( DAP ) .


The M230 is mounted on the chin turret .


The operators always struggled to make money , however , and after twelve years the Broadway Theatre was replaced by a more profitable building , for the textile trade .


He also wrote various military themed books from such as `` English Electrical/BAC Lightning `` to Wartime Poems .


Cure-All was a half-bred racehorse by Physician out of an unknown dam who won the 1845 Grand National Steeplechase when an unconsidered outsider .


On 5 September 1926 , a timber barn being used as a temporary cinema in Dromcollogher caught fire when a candle ignited a reel of nitrate film .


The distance of the course in the Mediterranean Sea is .


Dolphins swim beside several tuna species .


These include yellowfin tuna in the eastern Pacific Ocean , but not albacore .


Tuna schools are believed to associate themselves with dolphins for protection against sharks , which are tuna predators .


In the Sandown 500 , Perkins – together with Price – brought the No .


The 2007 ATS F3 cup was the fifth edition of the German F3 Cup .


11 Jack Daniel 's Commodore home in 24th position , after Perkins qualified the car in 20th position .


The title was won by Carlo van Dam in penultimate Sachsenring round .


It later shortened simply to Santa Cruz de la Cañada ( la Cañada translates as `` a small river or creek valley '' ) .


The Triumph 2000 headlamps were retained , but were now incorporated into a more stylish , full width grille .


At the rear , the Lucas triple-bullet tail-lamps were replaced and this version of the car began to resemble the later Reliant Scimitar SS1 , which would not in fact appear for another twenty years .


This model had the six-cylinder 2-litre Triumph Vitesse chassis and engine , uprated to the Mk 2 version in 1968 , at which time a convertible version was also offered .


One advantage of the early Datsun cars is that many of the parts were interchangeable — engines , transmissions , and suspension setups , for example , were all similar enough to swap with minor modifications .


The 71 mm five-speed transmissions also saw extensive use in the 620/720/D21 series pick-up trucks in both long and short ( rare ) extension-housing versions .


The name `` Chewton Glen `` refers to a tree-lined ravine , otherwise known as Chewton Bunny , a short distance to the south of the hotel .


There are further emergency spillways for an extra , and the Toshka Canal links the reservoir to the Toshka Depression .


The reservoir , named Lake Nasser , is long and at its widest , with a surface area of .


With the Rekord competing against the likes of the Ford Granada , Rover SD1 and Audi 100 , the Senator could be Opel 's long-awaited answer to the BMW 5 Series .


He won the Boston Marathon in 2003 , 2006 , 2007 and most recently in 2008 .


In 1893 , the Independent Labour Party ( ILP ) was established .


His record was broken in the 2010 Boston Marathon by Robert Kiprono Cheruiyot ( unrelated ) with a finishing time of 2:05:52 .


Blood Donation is part of NHS Blood and Transplant , which was established as a special health authority in October 2005 and also has responsibility for NHSBT Organ Donation and Transplantation .


The Ferrari 412 P was a `` customer version '' of the famous 330 P3 race car , built for independent teams like NART ( 0844 ) , Scuderia Filipinetti ( 0848 ) , Francorchamps ( 0850 ) , and Maranello Concessionaires ( 0854 ) .


Representatives are elected for two-year terms ; those elected will serve in the 111th Congress from January 4 , 2009 until January 3 , 2011 .


Co-trainer Adrian Bott was full of praise for the colt after the race , “ There is a great sense of timing about this horse .


These cars had carburetor engines instead of the factory Lucas fuel injection .


The howitzer was experimentally mounted on a lengthened chassis of the M5 light tank .


The resulting vehicle received the designation 155 mm Howitzer Motor Carriage T64 .


A single prototype was built before the T64 project was abandoned in favor of T64E1 , based on the M24 Chaffee light tank chassis .


It differs from other Pandas by being equipped with 4-wheel disc brakes , tinted windows , and sports styled front and rear bumpers .


The first prototypes were created in 1976 , with production of the A1 variant starting in 1985 and ending in 1994 .


The Panda 100 HP features a unique suspension setup with modified springs , dampers , bushes and compliance giving a considerably firmer ride .


The A3 variant was first issued in 2018 with several new improvements .


385 containers full of gear , as well as 75 M1A1 Abrams Tanks , M2 Bradley Infantry Fighting Vehicles , and HMMWVs were sent by train on 28 October .


This is another difference from the production H6 models , all of which used 3-speed manuals .


The platoon set up the Lewis Gun and fire at it with their rifles .


As of 2019 , Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning ( CMAP ) is studying the District , Its facilities , and the surrounding area to provide a economic solution for the Port to operate out of the negative .


His daughter is the actress Elizabeth Counsell , and he was uncle to the actress and painter Jean Miller .


To convert an existing AR-10 from .308 Winchester to 45 Raptor , a new barrel with extension needs to be installed .


Intended for carriage by the Douglas F6D Missileer fleet defense fighter , the Eagle program was cancelled before testing could begin , but the lessons learned were used in the development of the AIM-54 Phoenix missile .


She published occasional short stories , articles or reviews , and a single collection of poems called Modsat ( Opposite ) in 1966 .


The CCHL 's playoff champion played against the Ontario Junior A Hockey League 's champion for the `` Buckland Cup `` .


Organizations such as Nam Pak Hong , Tung Wah Hospital Committee and `` District Watch Committee `` often cut across any native district lines .


Stage rights were also optioned by the Aldwych Theatre in London .


The Desert Eagle is fed with a detachable magazine .


Magazine capacity is 9 rounds in .357 Magnum , 8 rounds in .44 Magnum , and 7 rounds in .50 Action Express .


The Desert Eagle 's barrel features polygonal rifling .


In total , the venue hosted 100 World Series games .


Early steel AK-47 magazines are long , and the later ribbed steel AKM and newer plastic 7.62×39mm magazines are about shorter .


The first prototypes were based on the Fiat 127 platform , since Citroën was pursuing at that time an alliance with Fiat ( the only result of this alliance in the end was the Citroën C35 / Fiat 242 ) .


Named after the Long Wharf in New Haven Harbor , the theatre was built in a vacant warehouse in a food terminal .


As production ends on the Taurus , the Police Interceptor Utility has become the main vehicle purchased


Elloy 's final international appearances came in 1988 , when she was fifth at the 1988 European Athletics Indoor Championships .


She ranked third on the 1988 IAAF Grand Prix Final tour .


Michelin is more popular and therefore more influential , while Gault Millau has been considered more food-focused due to the main system being based purely on the quality of the food .


Prototypes were tested based on the T-28 medium tank in 1940 .


T-60 and KV tank chassis underwent trials , but only the T-34 was deemed to have a sufficiently robust transmission and clutch .


After the longest accident investigation in NTSB history — lasting more than four and a half years — the NTSB released its final report on March 24 , 1999 .


Sébastien Ogier won the FIA World Rally Championship for Drivers in 2013 , 2014 , 2015 and 2016 driving a Volkswagen Polo R WRC .


Female Golden Sun Moth have reduced hind wings and rarely fly , though males are capable of active and prolonged flight .


Male Golden Sun Moths will not fly greater than 100m away from areas of suitable habitat , therefore populations separated by more than 200m can be considered effectively isolated .


The location was once known as the Mermaid Bank .


Golden Sun Moth populations which have gone extinct , or vacant patches of suitable habitat , are highly unlikely to be recolonised .


In television and radio advertisements , he is portrayed by actor Hiroshi Fujioka .


There are several small treatment outstations which have been opened to relieve the overload at the QA Hospital .


The film stars Sandeep Singh , Sikander Khan and Monika in the lead roles .


Lake Kariba is the world 's largest man-made lake and reservoir by volume .


It was also performed in January 1998 at New York 's Dance Theater Workshop and Minneapolis ' Walker Art Center .


Later versions had new target stocks fitted and were available in .30-06 , 6.5×55mm and 7.62mm NATO .


The mission was accomplished under his leadership as party president cementing BJP undisputed king of India ’ s political terrain .


In 1971 , a Hound Dog missile was test-flown with a newly developed Terrain Contour Matching ( TERCOM ) navigation system .


Reportedly , the designation AGM-28C was reserved for this version of the Hound Dog if development had been continued .


While a Hound Dog with TERCOM was never deployed , this technology , with much better electronics and digital computers , was later used in both the Air Force 's Air Launched Cruise Missile and the Navy 's Tomahawk .


They also reached the final of the 2012 UEFA European Under-19 Football Championship .


He died on 3 June 2017 at Shifa International Hospital Pakistan , due to organs failure .


It premiered at the Sydney Opera House in 2002 .


The Progressive Party , formed in 1959 , occupied the political ground that the Liberal Party had occupied up till then .


It next was moved to the Aeroplane and Armament Experimental Establishment where it was modified to be used as a water-spray tanker aircraft for de-icing trials .


Hosted by Comedian Jeff Foxworthy , the show included people from across the country that had hidden treasures inside their home .


The Aquifoliales are an order of flowering plants , including the Aquifoliaceae ( holly ) family , and also the Helwingiaceae ( 2-5 species of temperate Asian shrubs ) and the Phyllonomaceae ( 4 species of Central American trees and shrubs ) .


The 2004 Tour de France was the 91st edition of Tour de France , one of cycling 's Grand Tours .


In 2001 , the families Stemonuraceae and Cardiopteridaceae were added to this order .


In the Cronquist system , there is no Aquifoliales order : the Aquifoliaceae are placed within the order Celastrales and the others are in other families .


The 1999–2000 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio season was the 15th season since its establishment .


Leonard fell heavy during the seniors race and was inadvertently run over by some of the other riders .


39 '' was attached to the Yokosuka Naval District , to which she remained attached throughout her career .


The 1983 Giro d'Italia was the 66th edition of the Giro d'Italia , one of cycling 's Grand Tours .


The robbers forced the museum guards to lie down on the floor while they snapped the cable securing the paintings to the wall and escaped in a black Audi A6 station wagon , which police later found abandoned .


It was the 79th edition of the Australian Open and was held from 14 through 27 January 1991 .


The final 23 starts of Kingston Town 's career , which produced a further 16 wins , were unusual in that he only raced at the spring carnivals of 1980 , 1981 , and 1982 , and injury prevented him from campaigning at the 1981 , 1982 , or 1983 autumn carnivals .


He was third in the 1980 Caulfield Cup , 20th in the 1981 Melbourne Cup , and runner-up in 1982 beaten a neck carrying 59 kg .


On 18 July 1888 the ship was dismasted off Algoa Bay and was towed to shore , but a subsequent storm drove her aground and she was damaged beyond economic repair .


Cork 's deep harbour allows large ships to enter , bringing trade and easy import/export of products .


After final passage in the Alaska House of Representatives , a bill is engrossed and sent to the Alaska Senate to go through the same process of introduction , committee referral and three readings .


First-seeded Martina Navratilova won the singles title and earned $ 32,000 first-prize money .


It was Navratilova 's 10th straight win against Evert-Lloyd but her first on clay after seven prior defeats on that surface .


Likewise , bills that have been approved on Third Reading in the Alaska Senate are engrossed and sent to the Alaska House of Representatives .


`` 3 O'Clock Blues `` launched B.B .


Chester Station May 7 .


Cold Harbor June 1–12 .


The Cross Coupé GTE is a plug in hybrid with four wheel drive .


The Cross Coupé GTE is the third concept car shown by Volkswagen Passenger Cars in the run up to the introduction of the production version .


Memorial Hermann–Texas Medical Center is a nationally ranked hospital at the Texas Medical Center .


Battle of Fair Oaks October 27–28 .


The Bristol-Myers Squibb Children 's Hospital at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital ( BMSCH ) is a nationally ranked freestanding 105-bed , pediatric acute care children 's hospital adjacent to RWJUH .


Pediatric care to the hospital is provided by Children 's Memorial Hermann Hospital which treats infants , children , teens , and young adults age 0-21 .


Representatives are elected for two-year terms ; the winners of the election currently serve in the 111th Congress , which began on January 4 , 2009 and is scheduled to end on January 3 , 2011 .


He was chosen by the team to drive in the Formula One World Championship in 2005 .


At the 2005 United States Grand Prix he gained his first championship points with a fifth-place finish , a race where only six drivers started .


The 1985 Grote Prijs Jef Scherens was the 21st edition of the Grote Prijs Jef Scherens cycle race and was held on 15 September 1985 .


However , he managed to draw his Luger pistol and fired a full magazine at the assailants .


The composition of Greek fire remains a matter of speculation and debate , with various proposals including combinations of pine resin , naphtha , quicklime , calcium phosphide , sulfur , or niter .


The race was won by Jozef Lieckens .


The pair first met at the 2008 Qatar Total Open where Sharapova won in straight sets and then again at the 2008 Rome Masters .


Wozniacki then won the next two meetings to tie the head-to-head .


Sharapova then won the next three meetings including their only meeting in a final at the 2013 BNP Paribas Open .


They met again at the 2014 WTA Finals where Wozniacki won in three sets in a marathon match that lasted over three hours .


He represented the National Centre of Independents and Peasants ( CNIP ) ( from 1958 to 1962 ) , the Independent Republicans from 1962 to 1978 and the Union for French Democracy ( UDF ) from 1978 to 1981 in the National Assembly .


The GranTurismo MC is the racing version of the GranTurismo S developed to compete in the FIA GT4 European Cup and is based on the Maserati MC concept .


Hillcrest is a largely residential , middle class enclave , to the west of the downtown area .


The Laguna Lake Development Authority ( LLDA ) , one of the attached agencies of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources ( DENR ) , is responsible for the preservation , development , and sustainability of the Laguna de Bay and its 21 major tributary rivers .


Over the years , souvenir seekers chipped pieces from his gravestone at the Plainfield Cemetery , until the stone itself was stolen in 2000 .


Orthoclydon praefectata , the flax looper moth or flax window maker , is a moth of the family Geometridae .


The third-place finish meant they entered the 2002–03 UEFA Cup .


They believed that every part of the Qur'an is uncreated ( `` ghayr makhluq '' ) .


Wauter 's team shut down for the remainder of the season .


On early September 2015 , Vega attended the U.S. Open .


In 1982 the R-body line was discontinued and the New Yorker nameplate transferred to the smaller M-body line .


Following the nameplate swap , the M-body line was consolidated and simplified .


The 2006 Sun Belt Conference Men 's Basketball Tournament took place March 3–7 , 2006 .


The cast starred Tony Roberts , Marlyn Mason , Brenda Vaccaro and Hiram Sherman .


`` Sukuma `` is mainly lightly sauteed in oil until tender , flavoured with onions and seasoned with salt , and served either as the main accompaniment or as a side dish with the preferred meat ( fish , chicken , beef , or pork ) .


In 2017 , he wrote the book `` Spellbound : Seven Principles of Illusion to Captivate Audiences and Unlock the Secrets of Success `` .


The Buick Opel , Ford Cortina , Mercury Capri , Ford Festiva , and Dodge Colt are examples .


He has written art criticism and essays for `` Sculpture Magazine `` , `` ArtCat `` , and `` The Gay City News `` .


The B-13 gun fired a shell at a muzzle velocity of , which gave them a range of .


The DShK had an effective rate of fire of 125 rounds per minute and an effective range against aircraft of .


Brillant appeared in 127 games in total for K.V .


The MG 08 , like the Maxim gun , operated on the basis of short barrel recoil and a toggle lock .


Once cocked and fired the MG 08 would continue firing rounds until the trigger was released or until all available ammunition was expended .


The MG 08 was mounted on a sled mount ( `` '' ) that was ferried between locations either on carts or else carried above men 's shoulders in the manner of a stretcher .


Luis Suárez scored a brace while Neymar and Andrés Iniesta also got onin the scoresheet ; later , Lionel Messi played his first match as a substitute after recovering from his two-month injury .


In 1940 Battery Davis was joined by Battery Townsley at Fort Cronkhite .


Also , four 40 mm Bofors gun batteries were placed around the fort .


Electric vehicles can also use a direct motor-to-wheel configuration that increases the available power .


Electric vehicles that lack an axle , differential , or transmission can have less drive-train inertia .


The Baby Bullet started as a single place , mid-winged , open cockpit , conventional landing gear equipped aircraft .


Mass production of M-30 howitzers began in 1940 at Plant No .


The school publishes a news journal , `` The Jurist `` , and the `` Howard Docket `` newsletter .


The former took part in the production of M-30s only in 1940 , building a total of 500 pieces .


Collins was an enthusiastic gambler , renowned by his team mates for finding any reason to bet .


She gave several other performances with her husband , at cafés , friends ' homes and at the Hermitage Theatre between 1916 and 1918 .


To do so its main weapon systems are the Leopard 2 Mark A6 , main battle tank , the Marder infantry fighting vehicle and the PzH 2000 howitzer .


Chasen 's stepfather , G.C.R .


Later versions also accept the Colt M203 grenade launcher attachment .


The current standard issue version is the Ak 5C .


On December 28 , 2015 , the Supreme Court issued two temporary restraining orders against the decision of the COMELEC `` en banc '' .


The 2003 Mutua Madrileña Masters Madrid was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts .


It was the 2nd edition of the Madrid Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2003 ATP Tour .


In its most recent census count in 2016 , Statistics Canada reported that the district had a population of residents , whom comprise % of the city 's total population .


It added the following equipment to the LX trim level : alloy wheels , a premium A/M-F/M stereo with cassette player and integrated CD changer controls , keyless entry , chrome accents , a premium front grille , and wood grain interior trim .


It was part of Tier IV of the 2005 WTA Tour .


He called elections for a Democratic Constitutional Congress that would serve as a legislature and a constituent assembly .


While APRA and Popular Action attempted to boycott this , the Popular Christian Party ( PPC , not to be confused with PCP Partido Comunista del Peru ) and many left-leaning parties participated in this election .


The cast included Cyril Raymond , Aubrey Mather , Eliot Makeham , Mary Clare and Grizelda Hervey .


The standard Hornady 325 gr JHP .480 Ruger cartridge can produce a muzzle velocity of 1350 ft/s ( 405 m/s ) and generates one-third more muzzle energy than the standard .44 Magnum cartridge , with substantially less recoil than other big-bore hunting handgun cartridges .


Group 3 of the UEFA Euro 1968 qualifying tournament was one of the eight groups to decide which teams would qualify for the UEFA Euro 1968 finals tournament .


This strategy proved successful , with the UUUC winning 11 of the 12 seats .


The latter group included ZU-23-2M Wróbel universal naval gun and its successor , the artillery-rocket set ZU-23-2MR Wróbel II .


It comprises three theatres : the Crucible , the Lyceum and the Crucible Studio .


She reported on the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami that followed , and won the Supreme and Best


By 1971 , the larger T-54 medium tanks were fielded , proving themselves susceptible to the M-72 LAW rocket , ARVN M41 Walker Bulldog light tanks , as well as the larger M48A3 Pattons .


The dam was holding a full reservoir of 12.4 billion gallons ( 47 billion liters ) of water that surged down San Francisquito Canyon and emptied into the Santa Clara River , flowing down the river valley to the ocean .


BMP-1s were equipped with one RPG-7/RPG-7V shoulder-launched anti-tank rocket-propelled grenade ( RPG ) and five PG-7 rounds or one 9K32 Strela-2/9K38 Igla man-portable anti-aircraft missile launcher and two replacement missiles .


In Season 3 , she switched to a Mercedes-Benz 450SL .


In 1999 , Ratcliff got his first crew chiefing job .


She is the largest overnight riverboat west of the Mississippi River .


Police cars used during the series was usually the 1972-1973 AMC Matador , in real life in use by the LAPD during the 1970s .


The 1982 Grote Prijs Jef Scherens was the 18th edition of the Grote Prijs Jef Scherens cycle race and was held on 19 September 1982 .


During the 2003 and 2004 seasons , he became the crew chief for David Green .


The race was won by Rudy Matthijs .


While together they won three races , achieved 11 top-fives , 21 top-10s and two pole positions , which resulted in a second place in the final standings , 14 points behind Brian Vickers .


While still at the peak of her public popularity in the early 1920s , Little retired from the motion picture industry .


There is also a light machine gun variant chambered for the less powerful 7.62×39mm cartridge , RPK like .


Combe Martin lies within the North Devon Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty .


Like Flanagan and Linden , Crouse made her renewed effort in her mid-thirties .


The Greens elected seven deputies and ten senators in single-member constituencies , as part of The Olive Tree coalition .


Tímea Babos and Kristina Mladenovic won the Women 's Doubles tennis title at the 2018 Australian Open , defeating Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina in the final , 6–4 , 6–3 .


The Landore Viaduct is a prominent landmark .


The authors [ of `` Megaprojects and Risk `` ] provide a peep-show into social psychology [ with ] a wealth of empirical evidence ... Do read this book . ''


He held the title for over two months before losing it to Bob Roop on July 22 .


It was a member of the Atlas family of rockets .


On 6 November 2012 , the party-list group PASANG MASDA , of which he was the second nominee for a congressional seat , was disqualified by the Commission on Elections ( Comelec ) .


With beach volleyball she competed at the 1999 European Beach Volleyball Championships , 2000 European Beach Volleyball Championships with Stephanie Pohl .


At the 2005 Beach Volleyball World Championships she competed with Jana Vollmer .


Since the Norden was considered a critical wartime instrument , bombardiers were required to take an oath during their training stating that they would defend its secret with their own life if necessary .


In case the plane should make an emergency landing on enemy territory , the bombardier would have to shoot the important parts of the Norden with a gun to disable it .


The stadium site was once part of a Christina River shipbuilding operation .


The new organization , the Unified Socialist Youth ( `` Juventudes Socialistas Unificadas `` , JSU ) , adhered to the Communist Youth International as a `` sympathizer '' .


He then split 2007 between the Stockton Ports and Midland RockHounds .


On 17 March 2010 Sizewell B was taken offline for an extended period because of high moisture levels in the containment building due to a pressuriser electrical heater fault , requiring difficult repairs .


On 2 July 2010 just before 21:00 , while still offline , a minor fire broke out on the second floor of the building housing the charcoal adsorber at Sizewell B .


Infiniti 's system monitored the lane markings to alert passengers via an audible buzzer that the driver is drifting unintentionally .


Link Valley was adjacent to a community of brick houses .


He is currently a council member of Estonian Centre Party and a deputy head of the organizations branch at Nõmme .


From 2004–2015 he was a member of Youth Assambly of Estonian Centre Party .


He competed in the D1 Grand Prix series since it began in 2001 , until his death before the 2010 season .


The Silvias he used in the D1GP are not usual , his old one had an RB26 from a Nissan Skyline GT-R and his current car has a 1JZ from a Toyota Chaser , as he liked the bigger displacement engines .


The P34 was the first ( and only ) successful six-wheeler F1 car , which replaced the conventional front wheels with smaller wheels mounted in banks of two on either side of the car .


The design was abandoned after Goodyear refused to develop the small tyres needed for the car as they were too busy fighting the other tyre manufacturers in Formula One .


Today they call that new tapere , `` Tepuka `` .


The Pick-up was the last of the Dacia models to be based on the Renault 12 that made up the majority of the Dacia model range since the late 1960s .


In 2006 , the line was discontinued and replaced by Dacia Logan Pick-Up .


A popular name for this car is the `` Papuc `` ( literally , slipper ) due to its shape that resembles a slipper .


The MG 42 belt-feed mechanism was copied and used in the design of the M60 machine gun .


From 1989 onward , production of the 105/120 series was gradually wound down as production of the Škoda Favorit progressed .


The actor also named Richard Cross was likely to have been his son .


Production of the 105 SP had ended in July 1988 , followed by the 105 L and 120 GL in January and November 1989 .


The 120 L and 125 L ( the last remaining models of the 120/125 series ) were finally discontinued in January 1990 .


Listed below are the trophies for each of the various OSCC competitions , which are given in addition to ribbons recognizing the top 5 placements in each event .


After a production run of fourteen years , which included a total of 1,961,295 cars ( counting just the Škoda 105/120/125 series cars alone ) , production of the 120 L and 125 L ( the last remaining models of the Škoda 120/125 series ) ended in January 1990 .


The trigger mechanism of the FN MAG or MAG-58 is a virtual copy of the MG 42 's and the MAG-58 's belt-feed is also very similar .


He was reappointed as the Federal Minister for Law and Justice in April 2012 after his 3-year term as Chairman of Senate .


debuted at the Chicago Theatre Downstairs on October 14 , 2010 , and continued recording and airing in six-week seasons through 2011 .


The assembled vehicles included the Toyota Land Cruiser and the Toyota Hilux .


`` Break Up Song `` was set to be released as the album 's third single , but it was ultimately canceled .


Having first entered the championship in 2016 , running a single Opel Astra TCR .


The team finished second in the drivers championship with drivers Pierre-Yves Corthals and Frédéric Caprasse , as well as finishing third in the teams ' championship .


During the 1975 finals , Lorentz scored 6 goals and 10 points in 16 playoff games .


The inclusion of the swirlers in the Sirosmelt lance and forming a splash coating of slag on the lance were the major innovations that led to the successful development of submerged lance smelting .


He was the vice president of the National Humanities Center .


These are ' , ' and `` The Art of BioShock Infinite `` .


The play was produced at the Richmond Theatre in 2011 and at the Charing Cross Theatre , London , in late 2013 .


Officers are issued the Smith & amp ; Wesson M & amp ; P .40 S & amp ; W as the sidearm .


Prior officers were issued the Glock 22 .40 caliber pistol which had been used since the early 1990s .


Prior to the Glock officers were issued .357 magnum Smith & amp ; Wesson Model 65-2 revolvers .


Ross and Jones never replicated that 1990 season but managed to win 8 games in 1991 making Shawn Jones one of the most heralded quarterbacks in Tech history .


However , due to heavy storm runoff into Lake Oroville , dam operators were forced to continue using the concrete spillway , eventually resulting in the destruction of the lower half of the chute .


Over 188,000 people in the Feather River valley were evacuated as officials feared the collapse of the emergency spillway , which could have sent a 30-foot ( 9 m ) wall of water into the Feather River below and flooded communities downstream .


The town spans an area of around 5 km2 with Thittuvilai , Thuvarancaud , Arasankuzhi , Andithoppu , Mannadi , Saattupudoor , and Manathittai as its sub-villages .


The places situated in the vicinity of the town include Azhakiyapadiapuram to the northwest , Easanthimangalam to the southwest , and Thalakudi to the southeast and Aralvaimozhi to the east .


In May 2012 the Department for Transport granted Northern a six-month extension until 31 March 2014 .


The hull of the M60 was a single piece steel casting divided into three compartments , with the driver in front , fighting compartment in the middle and engine at the rear .


Initially , the M60 had essentially the same turret shape as the M48 , but this was subsequently replaced with a distinctive `` needlenose '' design that minimized frontal cross-section to enemy fire .


It was also the last to feature either the M60 machine gun or an escape hatch under the hull .


Results have shown that the polar layered deposits are composed of almost pure ice , with no more than 10 % dust by volume and that fretted valleys in Deuteronilus Mensae contain thick glaciers covered by a mantle of rocky debris .


Between 1629 and 1634 , only two actresses were employed by the theatre and able to play these roles , Mlle Le Noir ( Isabelle or Elizabeth Mestivier ) and Mlle de Villiers ( Marguerite Béguin ) , it has often been assumed that he wrote the plays with them in mind .


New nameplates were introduced ; the Rambler Six and Rambler Rebel V8 were both renamed the Rambler Classic in 1961 .


The 402 was characterized by what became during the 1930s a `` typically Peugeot `` front end , with headlights well set back behind the grille .


Negroamaro Novoli vine that also called `` tears '' , has a special ability to produce rose to its chemical characteristics .


Ottavianello leaves are pentagonal green , smooth , opaque and the lower surface light green .


The album 's first single `` There Goes the Fear `` became the band 's highest-charting single to date , reaching No .


The album 's second single `` Pounding `` reached No .


The new course begins at sea level on the north side of the river Tagus , a change which made the course entirely flat .


Also with this generation , each model of Taurus received different exterior trim .


The initial XM27 featured a mount similar to a gunpod , which was quickly exchanged for a more aerodynamic fairing , as well as improvements to the ammunition stowage and other equipment on the XM27E1 .


The lowest level Taurus L had light grey plastic mirrors and window trim , while the bumpers and side trim were also light grey .


The GL , the mid priced model , got chrome window trim and body color mirrors , while still retaining the grey bumpers and side trim .


The top-of-the-line LX model had its bumpers color keyed , as well as having the grey side trim replaced with color keyed body cladding .


1992 L and GL models ( and the Mercury Sable GS ) could also be ordered with a two-tone paint job , in which instead of being grey , the bumpers and side trim were painted a slightly darker shade of the vehicle 's body color .


Since that time , she has also served as an advisor on two other United States Department of Energy studies ; one on the threat of nuclear terrorism and the other a blue-ribbon panel on the future of nuclear energy .


Also in 1937 , the far-right National Christian Party came to power , censoring `` Facla `` s content .


, the collection consists of approximately 9,000 volumes and includes the first editions of every Cervantine work in original language and translations ; except for `` La Galatea `` , which is conserved in the form of a very rare second edition .


The Collection includes the first six editions of `` Don Quixote `` ( part 1 , 1605 ) , bibliophile items and publications of the Cervantine work in more than 50 languages .


Each character begins in a different part of the area around a town in Ancaria ( the continent that `` Sacred '' takes place within ) , and with a different starting quest .


The species is very common and abundant near the Mid-Atlantic Ridge .


The 1978 Formula One season was the 32nd season of FIA Formula One motor racing .


The Mark I was essentially a 6-cylinder version of the 1945 Humber Hawk , itself a facelifted pre-war car .


In 1956 , he was elected president of the West Pakistan Branch of the CSP Association .


He was also the member of the famous Punjab Disturbances Court of Inquiry .


This series was designated TR and carried over its powertrain from the previous generation .


( The WRP was not founded until 1973 , but its forerunner , the Socialist Labour League had many sympathisers in the RSC . )


She was the artist on the first official Minecraft graphic novel , `` Minecraft Vol .


This left only Porsche as a major possible challenger for 2000 — however the Porsche LMP project was scrapped before it had a chance to race .


The Porsche V10 racer was turned into the Porsche Carrera GT instead .


Canby is close to the Aurora State Airport and the Portland-Mulino Airport , both of which are both served by general aviation only .


In 1946 , the Communists accused him of being a `` capitalist bourgeois '' and in a plotted political process , the Supreme Court of Croatia in Zagreb ( case No .


The P61 was not a true monocoque , a rear subframe was bolted to the front , monocoque half of the car .


With approximately 200 horsepower , BRM 's V8 rivaled Ferrari for the most powerful engine in F1 .


BRM 's designers , confident in their chassis ' rigidity , omitted a rear bulkhead between the driver and engine .


The village of Crythin Gifford was filmed at Halton Gill , north of Settle in the Yorkshire Dales .


This left an RCL surfeit that was sold off for civilian uses .


He is known for having invented the Forged Composite technology , and his contributions to the Lamborghini Sesto Elemento and Aventador programs .


Hansen was presented with a solid silver and gold replica of the crown on the Statue of Liberty .


Following victories over Kristýna Plíšková , Francesca Schiavone , and Yvonne Meusburger , she lost a three-set semifinal to Alizé Cornet .


The Androscoggin River overflowed and flooded a road in the former .


Between 1933 and 1938 Moriches Inlet widened to wide and deepened with sand being deposited on both the bay and ocean .


Opinions of the 2008 U.S. presidential election and the candidates varied around the world .


The first of the flax booms began in 1869 , lasting for four years during which 22,000 tonnes of fibre passed through Foxton 's port .


Boomerangs can be made for right- or left-handed throwers .


For its redesign in the 1998 model year , the Lincoln Town Car retained the Ford Panther platform that had underpinned its predecessor .


The New York state election , 1877 was held on November 6 .


They have also entered a Chevrolet Corvette GT3 in the British GT Championship .


The approximate party strength at this election , as expressed by the vote for Secretary of State , was : Democratic 383,000 ; Republican 372,000 ; Working Men 20,000 ; Prohibition 7,000 ; Social Democratic 1,800 ; and Greenback 800 .


They finished the season 18–13 , 11–9 in Southland play to finish in a tie for fourth place .


Batteries of 105 mm guns were usually left to defend major cities .


This was encouraging for Daly to win good-caliber events , defeat more experienced and well-established international professionals , and play before good-sized galleries which appreciated his performances .


Division I football is further divided into the Football Bowl Subdivision ( FBS , formerly I-A ) and Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS , formerly I-AA ) .


The Renault Clio V6 Renault Sport is a rear mid-engine , rear-wheel-drive layout sport compact based on the Renault Clio launched in 2001 .


The mid-engined , wide-body concept of the Clio V6 was very reminiscent of the 1980s Renault 5 Turbo .


Serenoa repens , commonly known as saw palmetto , is the sole species currently classified in the genus Serenoa .


Alongside the road car , a circuit only version was produced , known as the Clio V6 Trophy .


Bujňák made his professional Fortuna Liga debut for 1 .


FC Tatran Prešov against MFK Ružomberok on 16 July 2016 .


He had a reasonably successful career , winning 2 Manx Grand Prix races , 1 North West 200 race in 2005 , Ulster Grand Prix races , and had 4 Irish National Championships .


At the time , he was a member of the senior staff at the Bahamas Immigration Department , a post he had been in since 2006 .


There is a large 150/400kV electricity substation , serving the London Array offshore wind farm that lies to the north beyond the mouth of the Thames Estuary .


The modern Tai Hom Squatter Village was not located on the original site .


London Towers featured in European competition , participating in the Saporta Cup , though with a 3-7 record they finished at the bottom of Group G and thus failed to progress beyond the Group stage .


The Bellagio Declaration is a resolution formed in 1993 , with the aim of reforming intellectual property laws in order to foster the protection of folkloric works , works of cultural heritage , and the biological and ecological know-how of traditional peoples .


She also has a M.A .


In 1951 it publicly played the Colonel Bogey March , of which no known recordings exist , only the accurate reconstruction .


Bound for Glory IV had an attendance of between 5,000 and 5,500 people .


The HS.404 's predecessor , the Oerlikon type S auto-cannon , was rather heavy , and the movement of the heavy bolt made it best suited in static and maritime anti-aircraft defence .


The lighter bolt of the HS.404 made it well suited to mounting on vehicles .


She has been a member of the National Council of Austria ( `` Nationalrat `` ) since 1999 and became vice-chairperson of the Austrian Green Party in 2002 .


They would end up losing their first game their first game 11-7 with Defenseman Brandon Turner scoring their first goal 44 seconds into the first period .


On 30 October 2006 she became Third Speaker of the Austrian Parliament , as the first representative of the Greens in this office .


At various dates in the run up to the next Senedd Cymru general election , various organisations have carried out opinion polling to gauge the opinions that voters hold towards political leaders .


The polling companies listed are members of the British Polling Council ( BPC ) and abide by its disclosure rules .


Moo r has publicly stated that he would consider a career in coaching soccer following his professional playing days on many occasions .


However , their top-flight season did not end well , and Mladost ended the season relegated back to the Second League .


Cases in the Outer House were to be heard by Lords Ordinary who either sat alone or with a jury of twelve .


Cases in the Inner House were to be heard by three Lords of Council and Session , but significant or complicated cases were to be heard by five or more judges .


It was marked as well as the fifteenth season of a JAF-sanctioned sports car racing championship dating back to the All Japan Sports Prototype Championship .


The GT500 class champion was the # 36 Castrol TOM 'S Toyota Supra driven by Michael Krumm and Pedro de la Rosa and the GT300 class champion was the # 19 Bandoh Racing Nissan Silvia driven by Hideo Fukuyama and Manabu Orido .


NFL Field Pass was renamed NFL Audio Pass prior to the 2010 season .


That year , the NFL started live streaming preseason games online .


2839 is presented together with a 1912 Pullman Private Car .


The main reason saffron is considered one of the most expensive spices in the world is due to the cultivation process coupled with the amount of produced saffron per Crocus `` ( Crocus sativus ) '' cultivated '' . ''


Some cars , mostly from the 1960s and 1970s , had variable-speed , hydraulically-driven wipers , most notably the '61–'69 Lincoln Continental , ' 69–'71 Lincoln Continental Mark III ( but not all '70 models ) , and '63–'71 Ford Thunderbird .


Future Olympian sisters Elaina Oden and Kim Oden played against each other in the final .


After three teams which qualified for the 1950 World Cup withdrew , several teams which had failed to qualify were invited to replace them , but declined .


From 2019 he is part of Channel 4 's F1 coverage at selected races .


Currently , ten of the total seats are held by the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party ( PMDB ) , followed by five held by the Workers ' Party ( PT ) and the Brazilian Social Democracy Party ( PSDB ) each .


The Brazilian Socialist Party ( PSB ) holds three seats , and the Progressive Party ( PP ) holds two .


The Democratic Labour Party ( PDT ) and the Republic Party ( PR ) holds one seat each .


Some Governors are not the same from the outcome of the previous election , since some of them had their terms repealed by the Superior Electoral Court .


In protest , the SPD left the coalition and their remaining ministers resigned on 20 August .


As of 2016 , the depot 's allocation consists of Southeastern Class 375/377 EMUs and Class 395 Javelins .


The first series finale of `` MasterChef Australia `` attracted an average of 3,745,000 viewers , and peaked at 4.11 million viewers .


former striker Mirko Vučinić began his career .


Ten ' s share for the night was 41.3 % , almost 20 % ahead of its nearest rival .


Brought into service with the delivery of the newer Superliner II cars , Phase IV has two thin red stripes and a thick dark blue stripe .


His bright , eye-popping creations can be seen frequently in the mom-and-pop record store as in the pages of establishment design magazines like `` Print `` or `` Communication Arts `` .


On opening , the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital cost 495 pounds per bed , compared to the Sydney Hospital 's 379 pounds per bed .


The first Koenigsegg supercar left the factory in 2002 .


Carbo would be on the bench , and his former teammates were sympathetic .


Clay Carroll inscribed a picture for him and it read `` Good luck in the World Series . `` .


After Game 3 , when Carbo hit a home run off him , Carbo said , `` They told me Carroll was in here and just went crazy , ripping up the picture into little pieces . ''


In 2002 , the Communist Party of Quebec formed a federation with the Party of Social Democracy ( PDS ) and the Rally for the progressive alternative ( RAP ) to form the Union of Progressive Forces ( UFP ) .


This was the fourteenth annual Big East Conference Baseball Tournament .


Marston also raised funds and donated his own money to buy land for present-day Torrey Pines State Reserve and Anza-Borrego Desert State Park .


The won their first tournament championship and claimed the Big East Conference 's automatic bid to the 1998 NCAA Division I Baseball Tournament .


The band formed in July 2003 and recorded the basis for their debut album `` Return to NY `` in six afternoons writing two songs every time .


The approximate party strength at this election , as expressed by the vote for Governor , was : Republican Union 369,000 and Democrats 361,000 .


In 2007 , they signed with Uprising Records and released `` Eleven : Eleven `` .


Its largest holding consisted of ZU-23s ( which it can manufacture ) .


Technically 7,62 ItKk/31 VKT is a Maxim machine gun that has been modified for a higher rate of fire with an accelerator and the use of 250-round disintegrating metallic belts ( instead of canvas belts ) .


The weapon is also air-cooled instead of water-cooled , and has a barrel jacket closely resembling the one in Lahti-Saloranta M/26 light machine gun .


Coming off a Stanley Cup Championship in 1923 , they had won three cups in the previous four seasons .


The Seat 1500 was a car unrelated to the Fiat 1500 .


It was instead , as the Italian Fiat 1500 L , an underengined version of the Fiat 1800/2100 .


She and her mother studied videotapes of international competitions and selected Gwendal Peizerat and Victor Kraatz .


Peizerat did not respond immediately but when his partnership with Marina Morel fell apart , he contacted Anissina .


In the 1977 Local Government elections he received 981 first preference votes and was unsuccessful ( he did not run in the 1981 Local Government Elections ) , and the 1982 Assembly election he received 503 first preference votes .


Palm sap contains natural yeasts , which perform the fermentation of glucose to alcohol , as well as acetobacter , which subsequently converts the alcohol to acetic acid ( vinegar ) .


So far the Healeys had all been expensive .


It hosted races from 1903 to 1914 , including a race in 1905 AAA Championship Car season won by Louis Chevrolet .


Later a residential college was established , which moved to premises at Charterhouse Square in the 1930s .


Now on PBS was a Public Broadcasting Service newsmagazine that focused on social and political issues .


The NHK Cup was his first win in official tournament .


Omaha Beach extends for 5 miles ( 8 km ) from east of Sainte-Honorine-des-Pertes to west of Vierville-sur-Mer .


He was the youngest NHK Cup winner at 20 years and 11 months .


The second-generation ( 2001-2003 ) Oldsmobile Aurora came very well equipped from the factory , as was expected of a luxury vehicle .


A cassette of ten AG-2 aerial grenades was added to deter pursuing fighters .


Several solar thermal power stations , including the new 64 MW Nevada Solar One , have also been built .


The airline operates the route on a public service obligation contract with the Ministry of Transport and Communications .


Fratton is located north of the line with Milton to the south .


The studio has received much press , in many news and magazine articles , including those in `` T he New York Times `` , for its involvement in the industry .


It was the 79th annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League , staged to determine the premiers for the 1975 VFL season .


In doing so , it became the last of the 12 VFL teams to win a flag .


She won once on the Futures Tour in 2001 .


It began on 5 March 1995 at Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit and ended on 26 August at Eastern Creek Raceway after eight rounds .


They reached the Frontier League Championship Series on six occasions ( 1996 , 1998 , 1999 , 2001 , 2005 , 2006 ) .


However , they never were able to claim a Frontier League championship win .


That year the club finished seventh out of 12 , with Lafreniere amassing 88 points in 44 games .


The PIAT mount consisted of a U shaped cradle which held the trunnioned barrel and a slightly inclined rectangular metal firing platform with a hydro-gravity recoil system .


In 1946 when the Chemung River overflowed its banks , the theater was flooded causing extensive damage .


For transport , the howitzers on PIAT mounts could be broken down into two wagon loads , one for the howitzer/cradle and another for the wooden base .


The 1997 Grote Prijs Jef Scherens was the 31st edition of the Grote Prijs Jef Scherens cycle race and was held on 7 September 1997 .


After the signing of the 1989 peace agreement , the Malayan Communist Party was dissolved .


He started drifting professionally at the first round of the D1 Grand Prix , he was very happy that his family approved of this career choice , even more so when they come to cheer him on .


Poland did not participate due to financial concerns .


The striker firing system is nearly identical to that in the P320 .


Most common are the John Browning tilting barrel designs based on either the swinging link and locking lugs as used in the M1911 pistol or the linkless cam design used in the Hi Power and CZ 75 .


Other designs are the locking block design found in the Walther P38 and Beretta 92 , rollers in the MG42 , or a rotating barrel used in the Beretta 8000 and others .


An unusual variant is the toggle bolt design of the Borchardt C-93 and its descendant , the Luger pistol .


While she worked with this team they were able to sequence the genome of one of species filarial nematode .


Owona finished the season with 13 appearances .